Then he said, a certain man had two sons,
and the younger of them said to his father.
Father, give me the part of the property that
falls to my share.
Then he divided his means of living to them.
Later, after not many days, the younger son
gathered all things together and traveled abroad
into a distant country, their squandered his property
by living a debauched life.
Then he said to him, child, you have always been with me
and all the things that our mind are yours.
But we just had to enjoy ourselves and rejoice.
Because this, your brother was dead and came to life.
And he was lost and was found.
I see that, David.
I need you to do it.
We live yet.
Who wants to know?
Come on, little brother.
Get him move on.
I need some help moving the extension ladder before we eat.
Not today, big brother.
Hey, James, hold on.
That's a two-man job.
OK, let me give you a hand.
You know it's a two-man job.
You have the mansion and down here by now to help.
Your brother's going for a job interview in the city.
Job interview for what?
Where did this come from?
You told me and your mother about it last night.
That'll work out really well with the schedule.
Uh-huh.
OK, yes.
And 50% at the end of the month.
That's right.
And I'll make sure John gets back to you on that.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Mom, I got to go.
Honey, you're not staying for breakfast?
No, I can't.
Here, John, the Crawfords accepted your bid.
OK.
Hey, Dad, hey, David, you're not eating with us.
No, I got to go.
But breakfast is almost ready.
David, I'd sure like to talk with you before you go.
Yeah, why don't you join us for a while?
We can talk about things like, you know, the weather.
And how you never told your older brother
that you were looking for another job.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know I needed your permission.
Have you forgotten that you have a job?
Barker, family, construction?
You know, the small company that you're 25% of?
The one that finally has workbook for six months?
John, can you stir that for me, please?
OK, first, it's just an interview.
I haven't actually gotten a job.
And second, maybe I don't want to swing a hammer
for the rest of my life.
And what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
I just want to get out of my own, maybe have more responsibility.
David, I told you, you're almost at a point
when I can give you some jobs of your own.
You do good work, and you're only getting better.
So what is this dream job that you're after anyway?
It's a web marketing company in the city.
Web marketing?
What experience are you have with that?
None.
But they're hiring for some big project in Al recommended me.
I'm meeting him first to get some tips before the interview.
Tips from L. I mean, L Phillips.
Please don't tell me you've revived your friendship
with L loser.
He's not a loser.
He's been with the company for two years,
and he's already a project manager.
I'm sorry, I'll rephrase that.
He's a spiritual loser.
You know, James, it's amazing to me that you have time
to be both a carpenter and a judge.
OK, OK, it's time to eat, honey.
Let's do our daily texts and then feed these monkeys.
I think that's a good idea.
Mom, Dad, I'm sorry.
But I'm going to have to do it later.
I'm a little nervous, and I want to get there early.
All right, then, you better get going.
But please, before you agree to anything,
let's talk about it first, OK?
Absolutely, Dad.
It's just an interview.
All right.
Well, you need something to eat.
And remember, tonight, I'm making your favorite roast beef.
Sounds great.
Thanks, Mom.
Love you.
Love you too, honey.
Love you, son.
They remember you have a talk tonight.
Yep, I'm all set.
So what if he actually gets this job?
Are you really going to let him just
quit in the middle of all this work?
Well, I guess there's no sense in worrying about what
hasn't happened yet.
Besides, it's not like I can force him or you
for that matter to work for me.
Dad, I want to work with you.
I appreciate that, son.
Well, let's do our daily texts.
No, don't get me wrong.
I'm definitely so excited about this opportunity.
It's just my family, isn't it?
Brother is such a control freak, man.
He's just a mellow out.
He's going to have a stroke or something.
Oh, yeah, right.
My main concern is my parents.
I don't think they want me to leave the family business.
And my dad wonders if this is the best move for me.
Classic case of parents not wanting to let go.
But look, years from now, when their old and feeble
and barker family construction is going to under,
they are going to be so grateful that their son
is a rock solid job with a Fortune 500 company.
He might as well.
I'm right.
Here we are.
Wow.
Is it the whole building?
No, it's just two floors.
You think I stand a chance?
Of course.
He's with me.
They don't let you stay here.
All right, let's go over this one more time.
You got to sell them on your strengths.
You're a good worker.
Excellent communicator.
Quick learner.
Can do, can a guy.
Got it.
You got to sell like a company, man.
Yes, sir.
Do whatever it takes or whatever you need.
Stuff like that.
It's very important.
Right, right.
So let me be frank.
You don't have any experience in web marketing
or with any marketing for that matter.
Yes, sir, but I learned very quickly.
This is tough.
I like you.
I like your attitude.
And I'm impressed with the way you speak.
Thank you, sir.
I appreciate that.
Tell me in your construction job,
how many hours a day did you work?
Mostly eight, sometimes less.
How would you do working a professional week?
Fine.
How would be no problem?
I'll do whatever it takes, whatever you need.
David, David, won't you come on back?
Got something to tell you.
Let me guess.
I don't have enough experience.
That's right.
You don't.
But it doesn't matter.
He really likes you.
He's going to offer you the job.
No way.
Really?
Oh, and it gets better since you're such a rookie.
He wants you on my team so I get to train you.
Seriously?
Yeah, so you don't feel free to refer to me as, sir, from now on.
Let's go, he's waiting.
Right.
Actually, wait.
What's wrong?
You think I can tell Mike that I'll give him an answer tomorrow?
That would be a very bad idea.
I know, but my dad wanted me to talk with him
before I committed to anything.
What's there to talk about?
You have 100 other people out there that want this job.
I know, I want this.
Then stop letting them mess with your head.
This guilt, it's not healthy, bro.
You're just going to do it yourself to a life of working
on other people's gutters and roofs.
You're probably right.
I know I'm right.
It's a gift of mine.
What are you super-getting at before he changes his mind?
All right, let's do it.
Now you're talking.
So what I can offer you as a position
as a project assistant.
Once you sign the company confidentiality agreement,
you'll get more details.
For now, this will tell you about our company.
Thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Benson.
I really, really appreciate it.
I won't disappoint you.
Beautiful.
Any questions?
Just one.
Every week, I have meetings.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Gene Weber is online, too.
Thank you.
Listen, I got to take this.
Did you want to tell me something?
No, nothing.
It can wait.
Very good.
Al, why don't you take David, show him around,
and then take him down to HR to make it official.
David Barker, welcome to True North.
Thank you, Mr. Benson.
My friend, let me introduce you to a new home away from home.
I give you the lay of the lands.
We get the manager's offices over there.
That includes me.
This is what we call the pod village.
It's where the worker bees reside.
They take care of the search engine management,
analytics, graphics, sales, things like that.
It will.
My computer to run slowly.
I need you to stop by this morning.
Check it out for me.
First off, Al, you're not my boss.
Second, I'll get to it when I can.
And third, maybe your computer wouldn't be running so slow
if you'd stop downloading things you shouldn't be, OK?
OK, we'll get to it when you can.
You said tea, guys.
They forget who they're working for.
And this is our break room here.
Over here, this belongs to a good friend of mine.
And who would that be?
Come on, man, take a seat.
I've really got hired.
I mean, this is all mine.
You did?
And yes, it is.
The only problem is I have no idea what I'm doing.
Oh, don't worry.
I'll cover for you.
Just one question.
What is a professional week?
That's a nice way of saying we work overtime.
Don't get paid for it.
Does that happen a lot?
And it depends on what the deadline is.
Come on, there's a couple of people I want you to meet.
Well, that's a completely unrealistic date.
Why don't they ask the people that actually do the work?
I know, of course.
Thank you.
Vivian Love, do you have a moment
to the someone I would like to introduce you to?
Sure.
Dave, this is Vivian Chen, our project coordinator.
And Dave, this.
Let me guess, David Barker, old friend of ours,
our new project assistant.
You start next week.
Great to finally meet you.
Oh, and these are on your travels fast.
Well, Al here has been singing your praises for two weeks.
I have expected you to have a halo.
Well, it's very nice to meet you, Vivian.
I admit the part about walking on water
was a bit of an exaggeration.
Hey, Viv, oh, I'm sorry to interrupt.
Hear the sketches?
Hey, Al.
David, back from your long weekend at the shore, I see.
Yes.
How things work out?
Don't ask.
Are all men shallow or only the ones that I've dated?
I don't know, I've never dated one.
Taylor, I like to meet David Barker,
our new project assistant.
And one of the most unshallowed men I know.
Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you, David.
Nice to meet you, two-tailor.
I was washing earlier.
I mean, I saw you earlier in the lobby.
I was waiting for you to interview.
Of course.
I guess you forgot to mention that he's also a stalker.
An unshallowed stalker?
I can't say I've ever met one.
Well, you two will make a great team.
Stalker and professional flirt.
Taylor is in creative.
Seriously, though, congratulations on getting the job.
I'm looking forward to working with you.
I thought you said we were going to talk
before you agreed to anything.
Now you're telling me you're going to start next week?
Dad, I didn't expect to be offered the job on this spot.
I didn't expect to be offered the job at all.
But couldn't you wait just another day or two?
Well, I mentioned that to Al, but he thought
I needed to jump on this right away.
Now it makes sense.
Al Phillips.
Of course.
It does make sense.
I was offered a job for which I have no experience.
And they were interviewing people with lots of it.
Why would I wait?
How about this?
Dad asked you to.
You know, the man who put a roof over his head.
James, please.
You know we would really love you to stay
on with the family business.
And I don't want to lose you.
Now, if you want to do something else to make a living,
I can accept that.
But have you really counted the cost?
What impact will this have on your spiritual routine?
I don't think any at all, Dad.
OK, well, have you considered the extra time each week
to commute?
Rush hour, two, and from the city each day
can be pretty brutal.
But there are other brothers who do that.
What about the hours they expect you to work?
Will it interfere with your meetings, your auxiliary pioneering?
Well, I may have to put that on hold.
But it's an interview with my meetings.
What do you mean it shouldn't?
You did talk about our meetings, didn't you?
Do you mind having a conversation with mom and dad?
Dad.
It'll have very little impact on my spiritual routine.
OK, fair enough.
But what about your goal to regular pioneer?
We set up savings accounts to help you boys do that.
I appreciate that you're concerned about me.
I do, but I'm 21 years old.
I've just seen how some jobs can consume a brother,
where there's very little time or energy left for Jehovah.
I just want to make sure you're thinking
this whole thing through, David.
Remember, honey, what your dad always says?
Measure twice, cut once.
Cut once.
I know, mom.
I know.
I am thinking this through.
And I'm really, really excited about this job.
Please, everyone stop worrying about me.
It's not like I'm falling out of the truth.
Of course you're not.
Wouldn't you like something else to eat?
Actually, I'm going to go over my talk one more time
before me.
All right, then.
So now what are we going to do?
We'll make the best out of it.
I'm sure we can find a brother that's looking for some work.
Ed Brewster's a really good carpenter.
That's right.
I'll give him a call.
I'm very uncomfortable about David taking on this job.
Sooner or later, everyone has to make their own decisions.
I think the best thing right now is to show David some support.
I feel like I've been supporting him for years.
I am really worried about those boys.
They are two very different personalities.
That's for sure.
But they're both hard workers.
They have good hearts.
And I know they loved you a whole lot.
They'll work it out.
Let's give them some time.
Why don't we say a prayer about it?
We're already in the quinoa, OK?
Saturday would be perfect.
In fact, I have a couple of return visits we could do.
Great comment on the Bible highlights tonight.
Thanks, Brother Barker.
Hey, how's school going for it?
Well, that sounds really cool.
And you start next week?
Yeah, I'm really excited.
This company is huge.
And it's getting even bigger.
And the fact that I get hired, it's pretty amazing.
David, I wanted to tell you I really enjoyed your talk.
Very nice job.
Thanks, Brother Barker.
I don't think so.
I have my foot in the door, with all sorts
of potential for advancement.
Aren't you going to miss the family business?
Let me think.
No more splinters.
No more bruise thumbs.
No more older brother, micro-managing by work.
Let me get back to you on that.
But the people I'll be working with are super cool.
So I wonder if your friend Al was at his meeting tonight.
My guess would be not.
What?
Where did that come from?
Look, I know you're excited about your new job.
Just can't wait to get away from us
micro-managing blue counterworkers.
Yeah, that's right.
I heard what you said.
If you're not happy working for our company, so be it.
I just wish that was what someone else.
Listen.
Al may not live up to your perfect standards,
but he's a baptized brother and a good friend
who stuck his neck out for me.
He got to stop all this worrying.
It isn't healthy.
Give yourself a stroke or something.
Now, if you don't mind, I have to learn about my new company.
Please.
Just watch yourself, OK?
OK.
Thanks for the advice.
Went shutting the door on your way out.
OK, so moving on, I'm sure you've heard.
But in case you were in a coma and just woke up,
our sales team hit a big home run last week
with Global Prop.
And we won the contract for their next online marketing
campaign.
Big time praise goes out to the teams
that worked on deck on this one.
Sales says the presentation was triple A standard.
Fantastic work, guys.
Of course, now comes a really fun part.
Our client wants to have creative comps, two weeks.
And to launch four months.
I know, I know people, I'm not happy about this either.
This is big.
Corporate is investing heavily in this project,
and we need to shine on this one.
That means this takes priority.
Look, you're all top performers.
You can do this.
So what do you say?
Let's make it happen.
Can I play some ball?
Come on, let's go.
Wake up.
Take this.
James, you're up late.
Yeah, we need this thing for tomorrow.
Oh, God, it's still jamming up, huh?
Just the third time this one.
I know it well.
I must have repaired that thing 100 times.
Why doesn't dad just get a new one?
I think, yes, some sort of sentimental attachment to it.
It's probably the first one he ever owned.
Probably.
How about you?
Devi working late again?
Yeah, yeah.
This project we're working on, it's for a huge client.
We're burning the candle at both ends,
trying to meet some unrealistic deadline
to make account services happy.
Sounds intense.
So this is job everything you thought would be?
To be honest, I didn't know what it would be.
I like the corporate vibe and the challenge
of doing something different.
It's awesome collaborating on a project.
Maybe someday I'll get sick of it?
I don't know, like anything else.
But for now, I like it.
It's kind of exciting.
Well, you'll do well, then.
I'm sure you're one of the best workers that they have.
Thanks.
Say, if you ever need a recommendation.
No, thanks.
There's one shark infested ocean.
I have no desire to swim in.
Well, I better get to bed.
Rushed hour is only a few hours away.
I'll see you in the morning.
Hey, David, can I ask you something?
Yeah.
What's going on, man?
You mean other than what we just talked about?
All this overtime for some corporate monster
that could care less about you, the association, it's not good.
It's starting to affect you.
You know, for a minute, I actually
thought that you were interested in what I'm doing.
I am interested in what you're doing.
And that's why I'm worried.
Well, stop.
You've got nothing to worry about.
I'm doing fine.
You're doing fine.
In less than two months, you've missed six meetings
and three weekends of field service.
Are you keeping track?
Anything else, Detective Barker?
Actually, yeah.
Your watchtower is never studied.
You'll hardly answer at the meetings.
All you ever talk about is work.
That's not fine.
You know it.
It's like you're becoming a carbon copy of L Phillips.
You really need to get some new material.
I warned you about him.
And it's all coming true.
Well, then I guess you're not a prophet to your many roles, then.
How about brother who cares?
Who's something that's neck out for you's entire life?
Who doesn't want to see his brother get hurt?
Oh, save your two.
Don't go and mock me.
It's just my body that she anything redeeming in that guy.
You're just jealous, aren't you?
Jellice of L. Are you crazy?
No, jealous right to the bone, because Al, unlike you,
he enjoys life.
He makes friends with everyone.
He's happy.
He's successful.
People in the congregation liked him.
That is until people like you started bad mouthing.
People like me.
Boring up tight, self-righteous.
I could go on.
Why I'm struggling to stand the cramp road of life.
You're off running around on the widened spacious
with dreams of being some corporate big shot.
You're just jealous of that, too.
Not on your life.
I want to do what's right in God's eyes.
I wanted the same thing for you to do.
You only think about your self-smuglet.
Go ahead, say it.
Do what you want, David.
I can't stop you.
Mom and dad can't stop you.
Jehovah's not going to stop you.
This is your decision.
Now you're finally getting it.
I don't know if you get it.
As you sink deeper into this world's mess,
who do you think is going to reach in and pull you out?
I'm not.
As of now, I'm done.
You know, just sick as me to think how much you're
going to hurt mom and dad.
I'm going to bed.
I was a good brother to you.
Some good brother.
So is work always like this?
I'm pretty much.
Sales ends big new account.
Promises the client of the world.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Then Mike pumps us up with the motivational speech
about how this would be the game changer for our branch.
Then we run around like crazy to get done.
On time and under budget, of course.
You learn quickly.
And if not, Mike gives us another speech.
He seems like a nice enough guy, though.
Oh, he can be.
The Zones corporate headquarters is happy.
Mike is a company man first.
Nice guy second.
You see?
Everything OK?
Yeah, it's fine.
Just a persistent ex-boyfriend, sorry.
Let me guess.
The guy you were talking about when we first met?
I have a good memory.
Yes, another tragic love story.
Girl gives her heart to guy, and guy cheats on her.
They break up, and guy tries to win her back.
Taylor, I haven't known you that long,
but I'm pretty sure you deserve a whole lot better than that.
Thank you.
I think so too.
Well, now that you know all about me,
I don't know very much about you.
Other than you grew up with Al,
you worked as a carpenter.
You're a super nice guy, and you don't curse.
Tell me more.
That's about it.
You've pretty much covered everything.
Come on.
Really, there's not much else.
I started working for my dad's company when I was 16.
Barker family construction.
A forward-moving, privately-owned firm
based out of a modest facility, our garage,
that features a highly sympathica workforce.
My dad, mom, and older brother.
Our mission statement?
No job, too small.
Sounds like a nice, cute work for it.
Yeah, I guess it was.
I just kind of grew out of it, you know?
And it's my recent job change.
Now with your construction background,
how do you explain the nice guy no cursing part?
That.
Well, my family is very religious,
so we were raised studying the Bible.
OK, what religion?
Christian.
Well, I figured that, but what church?
Where Jehovah's Witnesses.
Oh, really?
You know, there was a girl in high school
that was Jehovah Witness.
She was really, really into it.
Actually, some of the kids kind of made fun of her.
I tell you the truth, I don't know much about it.
It looks like Al is going to send out a search party
if we don't get back.
I wouldn't want that now, would we?
No.
Research for our project?
How is your coffee break?
Ah, good.
Why do you ask?
So you are interested in it?
We had coffee, that's all.
Oh, sure, it starts with coffee.
Now, if you don't mind, I have work to do.
Actually, Romeo, I have some life-altering news for you.
How about we head to the Think Tank?
So, what is this life-altering news that you have for me?
You remember my cousin Anta, right?
Yeah, the one that lives downtown.
Yeah, well, he's got to tell me that two of his roommates
just moved out of the apartment.
So, he's got to rent the rooms at an order
for to stay there.
Go on.
Stuff to spell this out for you.
Two rooms, two people, two miles from work.
It's too good to pass up.
God, it's too expensive.
This is a no-brainer.
You really think that we should sublet for a man-time.
Think about it, no more long commute,
no more getting stuck in traffic,
no more having your loving family,
scrutinize every movie you make.
Yeah, the cherry on top is that we get to room together.
Maybe forgetting that I make way less money than you.
Dave, it's only a matter of time for you to get a raise.
Probably a promotion.
Well, until then, I can't afford it.
Don't you have any savings you can tap into?
Yeah, some.
All right, let me talk to my parents first,
and I'll get back to you.
Listen, here, take a seat.
I'll be up front with you.
As a favor to me, Anta was willing to let you rent out
the room instead of his girlfriend's brother.
But you got to act now,
or the deal's going to be gone by this weekend.
Blake, you're 21 years old.
You can't live with your parents forever.
Don't you think it's time you leave the nest?
Spread your wings?
Be your own man.
You're right.
All right, I'll take it.
I'm in.
Fantastic.
Let me just call Anta.
Hey, Anta.
Yeah, yeah, my boy, David's in.
Tonight?
Sure, Pete's.
Yeah.
All right.
OK, we'll see you there.
Bye.
It's done.
We'll meet him tonight.
We'll see you the deal over a couple of years.
No, we won't.
I have a talk tonight.
In fact, I have to finish writing it.
Can't you get somebody to replace you?
I hate to do that again.
Just do what I do.
Don't show up.
Somebody always covers you.
I'm not doing that.
Come on, man, it's just this once.
Hey, brother Harper, it's David.
I'm Kid, thanks.
How are you?
Kid.
Hey, something came up at work,
and I'm not going to be able to give my talk tonight.
I'm so sorry.
I really hope you can find someone to cover for me.
I know.
I'm sorry.
OK, thank you.
All right, bye.
Hello, son.
Yeah.
He scared me.
What are you still doing up?
I didn't know you had to work so late.
Last night, I heard you were giving a talk tonight.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you.
Some work-related stuff came up,
and one thing led to another.
Son, we need to talk.
Please, would you sit down for a minute?
You know, your mother and I are very worried about you.
You've been missing your meetings, your service,
your family worship with us.
It has been happening more and more.
I know, dad.
It'll be a little insane just till we meet this deadline.
And then what?
What about the deadline after that?
I used to work for a big company.
The more you keep giving, the more they'll keep taking.
Where are you going to draw the line?
What I worked for you, we had deadlines, things that went wrong.
We worked over time.
Sometimes?
But very rarely did it interfere with our theocratic schedule.
I've been pretty successful at keeping the business in its place.
You have, dad.
I know.
You said a good example that way.
Why don't you consider coming back to the family business with us?
You can get stabilized, and I can give you a small raise.
I can't.
No.
Dad, I'm sorry.
Construction, it's great for you and James, but not for me.
I'm really happy where I met.
And the people they respect me, I like this job.
Is a job worth sacrificing your relationship with Jehovah?
Of course not.
It's not like that's happening.
The Bibles filled with examples of people who felt the same way
in the beginning, but then something happened gradually.
I'm not quite sure how that applies to me.
Here, let me show you something, David.
Maybe this will help.
Read Hebrews 2.1.
That is why it is necessary for us to pay more
than the usual attention to the things heard by us
that we may never drift away.
OK?
We need to pay attention because any one of us could drift,
and it could lead to our spiritual shipwreck.
Sometimes it takes other people to point out that we're drifting.
Well, I've got lots of people pointing.
You, mom, James, the elders, the list is pretty long.
Listen, Dad.
I appreciate your concern.
I need to tell you something.
What is it?
I'm going to move out.
What?
To where?
Alice Cousin Anton.
He's got an apartment in the city.
What's wrong with living here?
I need more freedom.
Some independence?
Freedom and independence from what?
Come on, Dad.
Where do I start?
I feel like I'm constantly being questioned.
Where are you going?
Who are you with?
What's the name of the movie you're seeing?
Oh, he's not good association.
You need to use the internet in the living room.
Even when you don't see anything I can tell.
I feel so restricted.
David, we live by Bible principles in our house.
They're not restrictive.
They protect us.
My point is I need to answer for myself.
All of us have an accounting to God, right?
That's true.
I just want to make my own decisions then, right or wrong.
Is that such a bad thing?
If you know what's right and you choose to do what's wrong,
then it is a bad thing.
Honey, what's going on?
What's wrong?
David and I are just talking.
He wants to move into the city and to an apartment
with Al and his cousin Anton.
What?
Why would you want to do that?
I don't want to get into all the details right now.
Let's just say it'll be a lot closer to work
and we'll leave it at that.
I don't understand.
You have everything you need here.
You save money and you're surrounded
by people that love you.
That's the problem.
I'm feeling love to death.
There's no such thing.
Oh, there is.
And this family is a prime example.
Well, what congregation would you go to?
I don't know yet, Mom.
Your dad knows brothers in the city.
He could call someone and find out.
No, that's all right.
I'll take care of it when I'm ready.
When you're ready, David, that's one of the first things
you should find out.
Mom, please.
Can you even afford a place in the city?
Since you asked, I'm going to need to tap into the savings
account you set up for me.
I was supposed to help you pioneer.
It's my money, isn't it?
Are you going to question how I use that also?
David!
No, that's all right.
It's your money.
Thank you.
Well, well, well.
What new pain are you causing the family now, little brother?
Stay out of this, James.
Oh, I know that's OK.
I already heard most of it.
So you want to move in with Elle's cousin, Anton.
I wonder which one of his girlfriends is
spending the night these days?
You mean Anton is not in the truth?
Is that true?
You didn't mention that.
Oh, I'm sure there's a lot more is not telling you.
Now you and your mentor can really find out
what this world has to offer.
David, why are you putting yourself in that situation?
You're just asking for trouble.
It's no big deal.
I can handle it.
No late night at the office, huh?
You know, it's so ironic that the talking
card for today dealt with putting spiritual things first.
Stand on my face, James.
Maybe not so much ironic.
Perhaps a bit more providential.
I'm sure Jehovah knew you were fit to give that to us.
Stop it, both of you.
David, what's gotten into you?
Do you see what I mean?
This is exactly what I am talking about.
I am done being cross-examined and scrutinized.
I'm moving into my own place with people that I approve of,
and I'm answering for myself.
You know, just let me go.
He deserves whatever he gets.
I've been into my friend.
Here, let me help you so that, thank you.
There's still a lot in the car, which is probably
part of the league.
Oh, what do you think?
Pretty cool, huh?
David, welcome.
Hey, come on in.
Make yourself at home.
Nice.
He, uh, here's the first month's rent.
Fantastic.
All right, so the kitchen is there.
Here we have Anton's girlfriend, Jessica.
Jessica, this is David.
The newest roommate, hey.
Hey, it's nice to meet you.
Same.
You want a beer?
I'm OK, thanks.
All right, enjoy the tour.
Anyway, as we have the bathroom here,
this is Anton's room?
Wait, does, does Jessica live here?
No, she's just a frequent house guest.
She's hot, isn't she?
And this is my room.
Nice.
It's a work in progress.
And finally, last but not least, drum roll, please.
Ta-da, your bedroom.
You like?
Ooh, did I deserve the luxury suite?
With a view.
Hey, Mr. Glass, half empty.
How about you focus on what you're getting?
This is yours.
Can't put a price on that.
If I checked, what says you can?
I have a jump chain soon enough.
Oh, my car.
Come on.
Hey, and I told Anton about the little house
warming party next week.
I still can't believe it's $115 for double parking.
There, we should be synced up.
Ah, yeah.
Party spreadsheet.
Now, what we got to do is fill with names.
Again, who cares how much money he makes?
You deserve better than that.
Girl, I would have put the final nail in that coffin
a long time ago if I was in New York City.
He bought me these shoes, actually.
Very funny.
Sea Taylor, this is what makes our team so great.
Devoted employees, working through lunch.
OK, what are you really up to?
A little house warming party next weekend,
and it just so happens that we have openings
for a number of attractive females.
About 70 to be precise.
Well, count me in.
Did you say next weekend?
I think we have plans, then.
Could I get back to you on that?
Serious Taylor, you've got to move on from him.
You're right.
You know what?
I could do this in series drinking myself.
Good choice.
There will be plenty of that.
I can't assure you.
Mark him down.
Ah, yeah, I kept it.
Hey, Phillips.
Big party, huh?
Lots of booze, really?
Yeah, well, guest list is a little tight,
otherwise I'd invite you.
Not likely.
Say, ow.
Your buddy David here told me the other week
that you two are Jehovah's Witnesses.
Yes, so.
Interesting.
I never knew that.
You know, my wife talks about the Bible
with a witness woman.
She comes by the house.
That's great, Will.
Can't say I agree with them.
But what I've been hearing about Jehovah's Witnesses
and what I know about you, well,
let's just say there seems to be a discrepancy.
That's all.
OK, was that just me or was it a very odd conversation?
No, that was definitely odd.
Forget him, he's crazy.
You told me that you were a Jehovah witness.
Yeah, that's right.
Maybe we shouldn't talk about religion at work.
Don't be silly, we're at lunch.
I had some neighbors.
They were Jehovah's.
No offense, nice people.
Just a little too devoted.
Well, they live what they believe.
What do you believe?
Well, we believe that God's name is Jehovah.
His son is Jesus Christ.
Humans will be restored to perfection
and live forever on a paradise earth.
And that the dead will be resurrected.
That's just scratching the surface, really.
Wow, that's some heavy stuff.
You know, I went to church when I was a kid,
but I can't say remember any of that.
I vaguely remember that you don't celebrate birthdays.
Yeah, that's true.
I was wrong with birthdays.
We have no problem if other people celebrate theirs,
but we don't because they have pagan origins.
And the Bible doesn't really put them in a favorable light.
Oh, last year when we threw you a party,
you didn't say anything.
I don't really make a big deal.
Pat, that stuff, it's a conscience thing.
You know, we really should be getting back to work.
Wait, doesn't your religion punish people
when they do something bad?
Well, there are certain things that the Bible condemns.
And if you get caught, you get a lecture,
promise not to do it again, cry a few tears.
It's pretty straightforward.
It's not like every religion.
It's not quite like that.
If someone commits a serious sin,
confesses it is sorry and doesn't do it again,
then they lose privileges in the congregation.
But what if they aren't sorry?
Or what if they keep doing it?
Well, then they may get disfellowshipped.
Wow, you mean like kicked out?
Not exactly.
They can still come to congregation meetings.
They're just not allowed to socialize with anyone.
Seriously?
Wow, that sounds a bit extreme.
I tend to agree.
Well, it may seem that way,
but it's a protection for the people in the congregation.
And the hope is it will help the person to stop doing bad.
And if they do, then eventually,
everyone welcomes them back.
Wow, I don't know how long I would last in your religion.
Yeah, it's not for everyone.
Well, kids, fun time is over.
Dave, we really should be getting back to work.
Why don't we see if the conference room's open?
Okay.
So what's going on, man?
What is with you?
What?
Why'd you have to bring up all that disfellowshipping stuff?
And birthdays?
I didn't bring it up.
They did.
Why didn't you just tell him about Santa Claus
or the Easter Bunny while you were at it?
They wanted to know.
What was I supposed to do?
Change the subject.
You can't shove our belief down their throws.
I wasn't shoving anything.
Listen, talking about religion at work
is never a good idea.
Such a turn-off, especially with certain people.
Like who?
Pretty much everybody.
Will Parsons?
What have you been talking to that guy for?
I don't know.
He was helping me with my computer.
He seemed like a nice guy.
Well, looks can be deceiving.
Listen, you said what you needed to say.
I just think it's best if we keep our beliefs
to ourselves from now on.
And look, I'm sorry about losing it.
It's all this pressure I'm under.
Are we cool?
Yeah, we're fun.
All right, let's get back to work.
I'm not going to get started until 10.30.
Ginger tea, it will help settle your stomach.
Thank you, Han.
I know it's only been two weeks, but I'm worried.
Do you think we should call him?
I did.
I got his voicemail.
I think we need to give him a little time
to sort things out.
I know our son, his behavior lately,
that outburst, and that's not the David of six months ago.
Maybe James is right about now.
Whether he is or isn't, David's an adult now.
And he's not under our roof.
He's making his own choices.
I was just reading Proverbs 22, 6,
train up a boy according to the way for him,
even when he grows old, he will not turn aside from it.
John, did we do our best to train them?
You know, we could have always done something different,
but we trained them by our example
to put spiritual things first.
We were always open with them.
We listened, took them on family vacations.
We studied with them.
And we showed them love.
And you know what else?
They had the most loving, caring mother in the entire world.
So yes, we did our best to train them.
Now it's up to David, not to turn aside as he gets older.
And so concept design was down to those three final cuts
as the last night.
Creative is still tweaking some layout options,
and that's all for our team.
We aren't target for deadline.
Thank you, Vivian, and everyone for your reports.
Folks, you've done some great work
these last couple of months.
However, a little reality check is in order.
There is a whole lot that can go wrong
between now and our deadline.
We need to stay sharp and keep our eyes on the price.
So let's keep up the good pace
and show the big boys incorporate what this branch can do.
I don't care what it takes.
I want this done by deadline.
He is one of our biggest clients.
It's due by tomorrow.
I'm sorry.
OK, you're going to finish this if it takes all night.
How was your concert?
It was awesome.
We had a blast, except for when some guy threw up on me.
Ooh, gross.
Did you get the email?
Yeah, what's that all about?
Good news.
I'm sure.
You're going to want to look your best tomorrow.
We all have to put on a good show.
Really?
Do me a favor, get this to Al, please.
Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, um, have you seen Taylor today?
She called me on Saturday and said she needed Monday
and Tuesday off.
All right, thanks.
Sure.
Absolutely.
I'll have it ready.
Sure thing.
Well done.
Hey, bro, did the email?
Yeah, that sounds exciting.
Yeah, it's not everyday.
Corporate makes a special house call.
Word on the street is that they are ecstatic about all
business and branch brought in.
What do that mean for us?
My guess?
They beef up our budget and we all get fat bonus.
By, we all does that include me?
Oh, I'm sure.
And you're probably going to raise, too.
That would be awesome.
I have a killer credit card bill overdue.
Yeah, I have no worries.
By next month, your compass shall run it over.
That's a scripture, isn't it?
Hey, did you know that Taylor was taken today and tomorrow?
I saw that.
Probably got Brad and Tuna the weekend with her ex-boyfriend.
Come on, what do you expect to fall you do
as drink coffee and flirt with her?
Can you blame her?
I'm not ready for a serious relationship anyway.
Who said anything about serious?
It's just fun, you know?
That's what office romance is are.
Here, take this to Viv, tell her it's perfect.
And cheer up.
By tomorrow, we'll all be riding high.
All right.
Hi, Mr. Benson.
Yes, sir.
I'll be right in.
All right.
Thank you.
You want to see me, sir?
David, have a seat, please.
You have been a great part of the team.
For someone who came here with no experience,
it's been a real pleasure watching you learn the ropes.
And I think you have a great future ahead of you.
I really mean that.
Thank you, sir.
I appreciate that.
That's why what I have to say is very difficult.
I just found out from corporate that are transferring
several accounts to the West Coast Office.
I have no choice but to cut staff.
Unfortunately, I have to let you go.
What?
I don't understand.
I know.
I know these things are never easy.
When?
The company policy is pretty strict.
It's effective immediately.
Now, you haven't been here long,
but I can probably arrange for you
to get two weeks' evidence.
Two weeks.
Listen, if anything opens up in the future,
I'll keep you in mind.
And please, feel free to use me as a reference.
How could this happen?
What went wrong?
I don't know.
Was I supposed to be this way?
I had no idea.
I mean, all this time I've been putting in,
I've devoted my whole life to this company.
Look, Dave, we'll get you another job.
I know people at other places.
In this economy, are you kidding me?
I can't believe this.
Come on, come down.
That's easy for you to say you still have a job.
You're not broke.
I have $5,000 in credit card debt.
I couldn't even pay my car insurance last month.
It's supposed to be getting a raise, not fired.
Come on, I'll help you with something.
Maybe get you through a couple weeks.
I can loan you some of my bonus.
You got a bonus?
What'd you get a promotion to?
Yes, yes, he's here.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, I'll get it to you as soon as possible.
OK, bye.
Listen, I got to get this report to Mike.
I'll take it for drinks later.
I'm sorry, bro, it's company policy.
Mr. Barker, could you come with me to your desk?
Remember, don't tell anyone you're unemployed.
Tell them you're in transitional.
Don't worry, I got friends with other companies.
I'll make some calls when I have some time.
Time?
Dude, I don't have time.
Hey, come on, have a little faith.
Trust me, we'll get you something.
Trust you.
That's exactly what I did and look where it got me.
Whoa, easy, pal.
I got you in.
I set you up, didn't I?
Let's just go home, OK?
You should show me more appreciation than that.
Believe it or not, this isn't about you.
Do me a favor and just stop talking.
I shouldn't drive.
We can take the train.
I'll get my car in the morning.
Train?
At this hour, what are you crazy?
Fine, we'll take a taxi.
A taxi?
You barely had anything to drink?
I had enough.
I'm not driving.
Fine.
I'll drive.
That's not a good idea and you know it.
Come on, give me my keys back.
Look, maybe you don't know how to handle your liquor,
but I, dude, you're starting to sound like my mother.
Just get in the car.
Dude, you totally just ran a red light.
It just turned red.
There wasn't even a car in sight.
Why don't you stop whining?
I do not believe this is perfect.
I told you we should have taken the train.
What are you doing?
Why are you speeding up?
Far enough ahead I can lose him.
Are you out of your mind?
I'm not about to lose my license.
We should have thought of that before we took my keys.
Come on, man.
Just pull over.
Does this car have anything in it?
I concentrate.
On what?
Get it, let's kill him.
Who cares?
I'll pay for it.
We got to go.
We're not going to run my place.
They'll know it's mine.
I've poured it stolen.
I'm not going to do that.
Come on, we've got to go now.
Check the car.
Show me your hand.
Give me your left hand.
Right hand back.
David Barker, security cameras,
corroborating your story.
Your buddy's been arrested.
It's David.
I'll did that.
What was he thinking?
I don't know.
I've never seen him like that.
Well, hopefully you can get a good lawyer
and sort everything out.
Yeah, in the hope so.
Sure, he'll think of something in his owl after all.
Sure.
What about you?
What are you going to do now?
I guess start by getting a job, any job.
And other than that, I'm not sure.
You're a talented, honest, hardworking guy.
Something is going to come your way.
I know it.
Don't worry.
Thanks.
I just wish that I had the same confidence.
Tell her, thank you for letting me
use your dryer and having me over.
Yeah, of course.
I appreciate it.
But it's getting late.
I probably should go.
No, that's crazy.
It's pouring outside.
It'll just get soaked.
You could stay here until it stops.
It could rain all night.
I should get going.
That's OK.
You could sleep on the couch if you have to.
You are not going out in this.
Well, then, I guess the decision has been made for me.
It has.
Besides, we still have this bottle of wine to finish.
You sure you want to hang out with an ex-convict?
I'll broke unemployed carless ex-convict at that.
You've got unjello stalker.
Oh, yes.
How can I ever forget that?
Get it right, David.
You think I should put that on my resume?
Oh, definitely.
Consider it done.
No.
Seriously, though.
I'm really going to miss working with you.
I'm going to miss you, too.
But it doesn't mean we can't still see each other, right?
No, come on.
That doesn't have to change.
We'll still see each other.
David, please don't go home tonight.
So sorry.
Assa did was shocking.
But was he a lost carless?
Was he beyond hope?
Let's read Second Chronicles chapter 33, verse 12.
And as soon as he caused him the stress,
he softened the face of Jehovah his God.
Jehovah forgave my answer.
What can we learn from that?
When a person sends, even seriously,
and shows true repentance by abandoning his wrong cause
and making every effort to do what is right,
he's not a lost cause.
He's not beyond hope.
I'm a loving God, Jehovah.
We'll forgive him in a large way.
Well, looks like we're going to be working indoors one more day.
Better get to bed.
Well, don't forget, honey, trash pickup is tomorrow.
That's right.
I missed you so much.
So, son.
How are you feeling?
I'm upset, nervous.
I'm so disappointed in myself for bringing
a reproach on Jehovah's name.
Son, if your heart is condemning you,
then just remember that the Bible assures us
that God is greater than our hearts.
We serve a loving and merciful Father.
I know, I know, dad.
What if I get this fellowship?
I've already caused you and mom so much pain.
If that happens, then we're going to work with it.
David, these brothers really care about you.
So whatever they decide, we need to view it
as an expression of Jehovah's love.
Thank you, Dad.
Thanks.
I'll be right here when you're done.
It feels really good to be back in Jehovah's house again.
A joy of Jehovah is our stronghold.
His name, all men must come to know.
With constant devotion to our God and King,
God, the joy and service be with you.
Hey, James.
Oh, you're doing a good mood.
What's the special occasion?
Well, on the way home from service, we thought,
why don't have a meal for your brother
and have a few friends over?
So we're having David's favorites.
Rose beef, mashed potatoes, green beans, and apple pie.
Yes.
John, I forgot the whipped cream.
Could you run to the store and pick some up for us?
You're kidding me, right?
Hey, Dad, so I talked to Brother Harper,
and he said they're going to make it.
Get your own whipped cream.
So where are you planning to go?
I don't know.
Probably a friend's house.
I just got to get out here for a while.
I see.
You know what, Dad?
I just don't get it.
I'm the one who sticks with the family business.
I'm the one who remains faithful.
I try and do everything right.
No one's singing when I get home.
No one's throwing me a party.
Son, please, can we just talk for a moment?
You have stuck with us.
You have been faithful.
Your mother and I love you for that.
I'm so proud of you.
And it's true.
Your brother has made some bad choices.
And he's paying for that.
But he's back now.
What choice did he have?
He spent all of his money doing who knows what?
You just let him back in.
He's shown repentance.
And he's accepting the discipline.
After what he said to me, what he's done to us, I said,
I warned him.
I practically begged him.
And he just ignored it.
I'm not buying it.
I know he's hurt you.
Your brother was spiritually dead.
But now he's come back to life.
And he needs you now more than ever.
Can't you find some way to forgive him
and to welcome him back?
I know that's what I'm supposed to do.
But I just don't feel that way.
I'm sorry.
Did we get on the road?
I'm going to walk in this house.
I find the way that is.
David's picture.
Is it?
Yeah.
I'm going to ask David for the first.
You better get him.
We're going to start these potatoes for all they go for.
Oh, I think it's some of them.
Sure.
I don't want to go.
I don't want that.
You know what?
He is doing so well.
Back today, we got a chance to see that video.
It was so impressed with that.
It's really lovely.
Morning, Mom.
Well, you certainly are upright and early
and making breakfast.
Well, I just wanted to show the greatest moment
down the world how much I love them.
Oh, thank you.
Of course.
Well, what can I do to help?
Nothing.
You and Dad should just finish getting ready for meeting.
Are you sure?
Positive.
OK.
Well, I could get very used to this.
James, you're home.
Not for long.
I just had to grab a few things.
I need to say something.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Let me cut it with everyone else.
But not with me.
I'm not so gullible.
James, please don't do this to me.
To you, well, then don't do this to Mom and Dad.
We can't keep putting them through this.
Well, you should have thought that months ago.
I know.
I know this is on my fault.
I wish I could go back and do things differently.
Well, the damage is done, isn't it?
I got to go.
James.
David, get out of my way.
James, I know that sorry doesn't cut it.
But please, just one minute.
Just to hear me out.
For all the bad things that I've done,
and I know now how much you cared about me,
how much you loved me, and I didn't care.
I wouldn't listen.
You were right about so many things.
But now I'm asking you, as the one that I used to look up to,
as the one that taught me how to swing a hammer, James,
I'm asking you, as the one that taught me to beat me, James,
I'm asking you, is your little brother?
Please forgive me.
Because if you can't, I can't live with myself.
Sorry.
Careful, bro.
Don't mess up your clothes.
I'm good.
I should be good now.
Won't you fish get ready?
How do I mind if I've plenty of time?
Breakfast is ready.
Yes.
We should have everything roughed in for you
by tomorrow morning latest.
Exactly.
All right then.
We'll see you.
Thank you so much.
Bye-bye.
Honey, after we leave, could you call the township
and have them schedule the inspector for Friday?
Sure.
What about Ed Brewster?
When do you need him next week?
I'm going to need him a few days, so let's wait
and see what the boys have scheduled first.
It's great to meet you.
Mom, those are the things.
My mom is really good.
Oh, did you want to call Johnny and Mel?
See if they can play some ball tonight?
Yeah, actually, I'm supposed to work out
in service of Johnny this morning, so I'll ask him.
And then I'll call Mel at lunch.
And then I'll check to make sure the courts are open.
OK, so David, what's your schedule
looking like for next week?
Well, I was hoping to go out in service on Wednesday and Friday
and then plan in to work the other days.
Perfect, how about you, James?
Well, if I go out on Monday, I'll have my time for the month,
so I can start work Tuesday.
Good.
Well, that's good, because I'll need both of you
to help me finish the punch list at the Mitchell House,
and then I can call for the final inspection.
You're telling me you got your time in for the month already?
How'd you manage that?
All in the scheduling, bro.
Start early in the day, early in the week, early in the month.
And early in the year, that's what everyone's been saying.
I hope I can make it work.
I know you will.
When you start pioneering, we'll make a good team.
Yeah, we will.
I'm looking forward to it.
James, you want to read our theme text this morning?
Staying from 1 Corinthians 13, 13.
Now, however, the remained faith, hope, love, these three.
But the greatest of these is love.
So it looks like we're talking about love this morning.
David, you want to read our comments?
Sure.
Now, among Jehovah's people today,
we see the wisdom of pursuing the surpassing way of love.
Truly, it excels in any and all situations.
Note how the Apostle Paul emphasized that truth.
He concluded, now, however, their remained faith, hope, love,
these three.
But the greatest of these is love.